feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-weekly-activity-report-and-bo 2023-12-07 (#2507)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/december2023/2023-12-07-transactional-email-added-weekly-activity-report-and-bo.mdx

---
title:  Weekly Activity Report and Bounce Rate Alert
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://scaleway-community.slack.com/archives/C0358JE0XEK'
date: 2023-12-07
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> Introducing the weekly activity report! This is an initial version, and we look forward to your feedback to refine it according to your needs. (Starting 11th Decembre).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting December 11th 2023, we will be introducing a weekly report for your Transactional Email activity! We are looking forward to hearing your feedback to refine the feature, according to your needs. 

You will also be alerted when the bounce rate of your emails exceeds a certain threshold, allowing you to proactively manage your domain's reputation.
```
